N = 6
Trump Tweet: The consider a strategic. people felt the military, cutting national (ninth) race. 
Trump Tweet: Ballots and china.....they would like it out, and border... is through to ruin the apology has standing a deals and prime ministrations of t
Trump Tweet: I will go to washington on @cnn @msnbc continuing out cbs etc. 
Trump Tweet: Our economy is too slow for your @wwe you to iran deal as illegal &, mexican presidential race, why we need trump. without real collection. 
Trump Tweet: Statistic, is right things here sooo much of whatever is clearly put out anything wrong with iran. they will have won. these for it. - elle


N = 7
Trump Tweet: The record gains. big way. border. people moving safely forward to my friends is blaming thanks. 
Trump Tweet: The government surveillance sheet open borders &, military @foxnews. 
Trump Tweet: Democrats refused that @newscorpse @realdonaldtrump jealousy for sure. 
Trump Tweet: Big new show! i'm a big fundraise with your rockets never won. mark it down the highly confinement will be greatly. john is about the way ho
Trump Tweet: Another military equipment. we were four u. s. warships to win the u. s. 


N = 8
Trump Tweet: They would burn. our country! #trump2016 thank you should stop now!! i need someone who, unlike other country) and now she is only if i win 
Trump Tweet: The threat, and did not do the dems it is because nobody is laughing on launches have at the big question and sound bite that make you proud
Trump Tweet: I hope the floods are unprecedented. catherine herridge @foxnews that dopey graydon. @vanityfair magazine close southerner is a better and 
Trump Tweet: I hope that contrived!@foxandfriends at 7 a.m. - 20 minutes. can’t let schumer puppet of the death. most important part of any kind in his s
Trump Tweet: Yesterday were vicious killings must suspended for loaning money was nevertheless, they will go onto many battleship north charleston this m


N = 9
Trump Tweet: Mike pence. there's a much different story on mexican legal system is wide open to new ideas. - think like a champion @joan_rivers returning
Trump Tweet: Pennsylvania challenged for his service of generators are over. this is a once great white house tomorrow from trees, but it is very happy a
Trump Tweet: Republicans should federal reserve has incessantly lifted interest. and bye the way crooked hillary is doing - and no effect on china! nobod
Trump Tweet: Looks like yet another spitzer is gone, spitzer? will you be declaring war on law &, order. they said the same victory as you proclaim the t
Trump Tweet: Washington post office speech, even though they know nothing wrong (as usual). even the fake dossier, and we should have it printed out in t


N = 10
Trump Tweet: .@seanparnellusa, running in a landslide.the establishment is the lowest level and how these changes to obsolete &, nasty world out there, e
Trump Tweet: 
@seanparnellusa is a bright future. wow, nice. remember, we are a rudderless ship. 
Trump Tweet: The fake russia collusion. the world as we know it. the only thing james comey and crooked highest vote in history of our country want safe
Trump Tweet: I hope the alumni sue to overturn a binding pledge? they broke into mexico until the name of a story. #celebapprenticenbc is getting down si
Trump Tweet: Joe biden would be the cutest first half since 1997. @wallstreetjour our country. the failing national and put them into their country need


N = 11
Trump Tweet: These scoundrels are only thing barack obama. they have done irreparable harm to our republican party. 53% approval ratings,beats harvard, n
Trump Tweet: Almost zero visibility, i suggested that alabama farmers and our 2nd amendment, military, vets, and soooo much better. 
Trump Tweet: I gave a long news conference ratings are those in her party that would be disqualifying. with him, will find out after i get elected. #trum
Trump Tweet: Landed in wisconsin, i was briefed on the things he had contact with. 
Trump Tweet: Evidence of any impeachable event in that call? both stared straight year. he is losing to his principle. @stevehiltonx @foxnews this is 


N = 12
Trump Tweet: Wisconsin is a tremendous digital and data strategies, will remain as is, with 7 1/2% put on much of the media. 
Trump Tweet: News conference today at 9:30 am et. watch on @foxnews. as always with sean, will be running for congress. he has my complete and total endo
Trump Tweet: Nobody is showing how weak the u.s. has been ripped off the united states by china of 25% on 250 billion dollars a year! a properly function
Trump Tweet: Nevada is turning out to be grossly incompetent, job. because of rising inventory. 
Trump Tweet: The states want to correct, and the white house waiting for the tariffs we are now into the series, big fan of kim novak and still am—a wond


N = 13
Trump Tweet: Voter fraud in virginia. it’s in play. better vote for us, only for pelosi. 
Trump Tweet: Joe biden’s remarks, and any alarm that he might have a chance to stab american workers. 
Trump Tweet: The @us_fda and the democrats. in fact, there is a problem, we will find tens of thousands of jobs and millions of votes more in the future!
Trump Tweet: Ballot corruption and incompetent mayor of london, sadique kahn, was bothered that i played a very fast round of golf. obama played more and
Trump Tweet: Antifa is a terrorist bomb maker while overseas. @petehegseth @foxandfriends power to this man!! he cares about his campaign from illegal im


N = 14
Trump Tweet: Pennsylvania polls when he is against fracking (jobs!), 2nd amendment, and loves our military and vets. vote for doug, he has my full and co
Trump Tweet: President trump has some of best books out there. no fluff. real grit. real world wins. 
Trump Tweet: These scoundrels are only toying with the people that we’re allowed were heavily involved in order to black out the equipment. @oann i watch
Trump Tweet: Washington is broken. where is the impeachment proceeding, the current inquiry is just another democrat hoax that i have had as president, w
Trump Tweet: Pennsylvania polls when he is against fracking, steel production, maybe up to 2,000,000 barrels, to make up the differences?? next president


N = 15
Trump Tweet: ...for years, i watched one betrayal after another, and that really plays to his base. @foxnews @cvpayne their partisan witch hunt is the f
Trump Tweet: These scoundrels are only toying with the @sendavidperdue & @kloeffler, i will be going to church tonight. make america great again. please 
Trump Tweet: Looks like they are so original &, like no one else is doing it. 


Trump Tweet: The unsolicited mail in ballots substantially raise taxes. @kateywhitey i am right--current tense. 
Trump Tweet: Almost zero ballots rejected in georgia by the republican governor and republican secretary of state mike pompeo. 




N = 16
Trump Tweet: If joe biden were president, snowden would have already been returned to the battlefield. just another terrible story (fact). 
Trump Tweet: The governor of oregon, isn’t doing her job. she must clear out, and in some cases arrest, the anarchists takeover of her city, it is a sum
Trump Tweet: On the 37th anniversary of founding, without the customary display of nuclear missiles to show president trump of doing (which i didn’t). ch
Trump Tweet: I’m running as a proud democrat, for the senate. sleepy joe biden just admitted he worked with segregationists and separately, has already
Trump Tweet: Congratulations to jpmorgan chase for ordering everyone back to office on september 21st.

N = 17
Trump Tweet: ...the worst polling ever, and then they’ll be back in four years to do it again. this is much more then voter and campaign finance suppress
Trump Tweet: President trump has done more for the evangelical community, and it’s not even close. fraud and illegality are a big part of the report? is
Trump Tweet: Nevada is turning out to be a total lie-90 mill. look at the solution, not the problem. learn to focus on what will give results. 
Trump Tweet: I am asking for everyone at the north carolina governor roy cooper and his representatives of mexico have ended for the day. progress is bei
Trump Tweet: We are making big progress. results start to come in next week. with all that this administration continues to. 